 During the Reporting Period, the aggregate revenue  amount was HK$6,802.2 million and HK$429.7 million, respectively, accounting for approximately 78.1% and 4.9% of our total revenue . Increase in revenue while decrease in gross profit are mainly because there have been significant changes in product structure . decrease in sales volume was mainly due to that marketable goods were in short supply and could not fully meet customer needs . For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the export volume of new tobacco products of the Group reached 234,940 thousand . sticks . The operating revenue reached HK$43.5 million, representing an increase of HK$9.6 million or 28% on a year-on-year basis . At 30 June 2024, the Company had 691,680,000 Shares in issue . CNTC directly controls one third or more of the voting rights in the shareholders’ meetings of CTIG . As at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors nor the chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in any of the Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the company or any of its associated corporations . At no time during the six months ended 30 . June 2024 was the Company, any of . its holding companies, or any . of its holding companies’ subsidiaries a party for any arrangement to enable the Directors or chief executive . of the . Company Increase in revenue while decrease in gross profit are mainly because there have been significant changes in product structure . decrease in sales volume was mainly due to that marketable goods were in short supply and could not fully meet customer needs . CBT and Alliance One International entered into the CBT Framework Tobacco Sales Agreement . Alliance One Group procures tobacco leaves and sells them to end customers as part of its business activities . Certain end customers maintain internal lists of approved tobacco merchants and  would only trade with those on their lists . At 30 June 2024, the Company had 691,680,000 Shares in issue . CNTC directly controls one third or more of the voting rights in the shareholders’ meetings of CTIG . In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the Company do not have a par value . The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time . Increase in revenue while decrease in gross profit are mainly because there have been significant changes in product structure . decrease in sales volume was mainly due to that marketable goods were in short supply and could not fully meet customer needs . The prices at which the Company procures other duty-free cigarettes categories are determined through arm’s length negotiation . Such margins were determined taking into consideration factors including factors including reasonable profit margins of the Company, market demand of the relevant cigarettes and services provided by the downstream wholesalers . The pricing is not subject to any government-prescribed price floors . Increase in revenue while decrease in gross profit are mainly because there have been significant changes in product structure . decrease in sales volume was mainly due to that marketable goods were in short supply and could not fully meet customer needs . The Group’s senior  executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the  following bases . Segment assets include primarily trade and other receivables, and inventories . The Group did not enter into any hedging arrangements to hedge against our exposure to foreign exchange risk but will closely monitor such risk on an ongoing basis . The Company did not pledge any assets at 30 June 2024 . The Group grants short-term advances to producers in cash or agricultural inputs, which are settled through the delivery of tobacco . Apart from other tax recoverable, all of the remaining trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expenses within one year . Business consists of (i) procurement of tobacco leaf products by the Company from overseas suppliers; and (ii) sale of such products by . the Company to CTI for onward sales to cigarette manufacturers in the PRC . Pursuant to the “No. 135 Notice”, the margin (the “Margin”) at which the Company shall add to the price at which . the . Company procures such  procurement products The Group’s senior  executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the  following bases . Segment assets include primarily trade and other receivables, and inventories . China Tobacco International (HK) Company Limited. strive to create more value for its Shareholders. In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the Company do not have a par value . The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time . The margins utilised in the New Tobacco Products Export Business are at least 1% . New tobacco products are not subject to  any export tariff . Increase in revenue while decrease in gross profit are mainly because there have been significant changes in product structure . decrease in sales volume was mainly due to that marketable goods were in short supply and could not fully meet customer needs . The Group did not enter into any hedging arrangements to hedge against our exposure to foreign exchange risk but will closely monitor such risk on an ongoing basis . The Company did not pledge any assets at 30 June 2024 . The Group has no connected transactions which are required to be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024 . The Stock Exchange has granted the Company, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements for (i) announcement, and the . Company has applied to the . Stock Exchange for, and and the Stock .Exchange has granted . the Company a waiver . in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions of types A, B, C and D Increase in revenue while decrease in gross profit are mainly because there have been significant changes in product structure . decrease in sales volume was mainly due to that marketable goods were in short supply and could not fully meet customer needs . We currently sell tobacco leaf products to CTI after adding a 6% margin to our procurement prices from our suppliers . We utilise the same pricing mechanism in transactions with both independent third parties and connected persons . The margins utilised in the New Tobacco Products Export Business are at least 1% . New tobacco products are not subject to  any export tariff . The Company is not required to be responsible for tax payment in our  Cigarettes Export Business . We subsequently determine sales price through arm’s length negotiation with our  proprietary business . Somerley has confirmed that the CCTs of Indefinite Term for the Reporting Period have been conducted in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; 2) on normal commercial terms or better to the Group . The Group’s senior  executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the  following bases . Segment assets include primarily trade and other receivables, and inventories . The Group has continued to implement ‘Lean Management’,  optimise treasury management and reduce financing costs to effectively control operating costs . We have  continuously reinforced system construction, improved governance capabilities, and strengthened risk prevention ability . The Group’s senior  executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the  following bases . Segment assets include primarily trade and other receivables, and inventories . Industrial companies have greater bargaining power and stronger tendency to add a premium to well-known, influential cigarette brands . (ii) prevailing market price of shipping costs and  insurance costs; (iii) applicable premium in relation to cigarette brand, as industrial companies . (iv)  applicable discount in relation to factors including historic business relationship with the relevant industrial . companies, the Company’s business reputation, financial conditions, scale of sales channels and ability to In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the Company do not have a par value . The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time . The Group has continued to implement ‘Lean Management’,  optimise treasury management and reduce financing costs to effectively control operating costs . We have  continuously reinforced system construction, improved governance capabilities, and strengthened risk prevention ability . The Group’s senior  executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the  following bases . Segment assets include primarily trade and other receivables, and inventories . The Group sells and exports various grades of tobacco leaves to different customers with varying demands . Alliance One International procures tobacco leaves from us and sells them to its end customers in Southeast Asia, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan . A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial  financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures . A review is substantially less in scope than an  auditing conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing . China Tobacco International (HK) Company Limited. mainly driven by growth in Tobacco Leaf Products Import Business, Cigarettes Export Business and the Tobacco Leaf Products Export Business . CTIHK: Company’s Website: www.ctihk.com.hk7. and Principal Place of Business: Room 1002, 10/F, Tower A, at One Harbour Gate, with China Life Center, in Kowloon, New York City . Company's stock code: 6055; share price: HK$’000; HK$'000; CICCHK: 605; Company's website:  Website: www CBT and Alliance One International entered into the CBT Framework Tobacco Sales Agreement . Alliance One Group procures tobacco leaves and sells them to end customers as part of its business activities . Certain end customers maintain internal lists of approved tobacco merchants and  would only trade with those on their lists . The Group did not enter into any hedging arrangements to hedge against our exposure to foreign exchange risk but will closely monitor such risk on an ongoing basis . The Company did not pledge any assets at 30 June 2024 . A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial  financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures . A review is substantially less in scope than an  auditing conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing . The margins utilised in the New Tobacco Products Export Business are at least 1% . New tobacco products are not subject to  any export tariff . The Group did not enter into any hedging arrangements to hedge against our exposure to foreign exchange risk but will closely monitor such risk on an ongoing basis . The Company did not pledge any assets at 30 June 2024 . China Tobacco International (HK) Company Limited is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability . It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CNTC. in the PRC. It is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. The Chinese Tobacco International Argentina S.A. is one of the company's overseas suppliers. The tobacco giant will continue to implement ESG system construction constantly enhance and refine ESG-related policies, promote the integration of ESG concepts in all aspects of its operations . The Group has continued to implement ‘Lean Management’,  optimise treasury management and reduce financing costs to effectively control operating costs . We have  continuously reinforced system construction, improved governance capabilities, and strengthened risk prevention ability . The Group has continued to implement ‘Lean Management’,  optimise treasury management and reduce financing costs to effectively control operating costs . We have  continuously reinforced system construction, improved governance capabilities, and strengthened risk prevention ability . CBT and Alliance One International entered into the CBT Framework Tobacco Sales Agreement . Alliance One Group procures tobacco leaves and sells them to end customers as part of its business activities . Certain end customers maintain internal lists of approved tobacco merchants and  would only trade with those on their lists . In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the Company do not have a par value . The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time . The Group has continued to implement ‘Lean Management’,  optimise treasury management and reduce financing costs to effectively control operating costs . We have  continuously reinforced system construction, improved governance capabilities, and strengthened risk prevention ability . CBT and Alliance One International entered into the CBT Framework Tobacco Sales Agreement . Alliance One Group procures tobacco leaves and sells them to end customers as part of its business activities . Certain end customers maintain internal lists of approved tobacco merchants and  would only trade with those on their lists .